so I've got a newer panasonic plasma TV
here I've got the back off of it already
which I could demonstrate what it was
doing but it's making a buzzing sound
and it's an abnormal buzzing to come it
changed it with picture brightness I've
had a few of these doing it and just
it's going to be a real quick video only
a couple minutes long the problem is
that the original screws that the
factory used did not have washers on
them so the problem here is caused by
these screws that they originally used
did not have any kind of lock washer on
them
the replacement screws are the type with
lock washers to provide constant
pressure on these little circuit pads
which they use as a ground on these sets
so you want to make sure that you get
the ones with the washers and you want
to watch out for the length of the screw
particularly that it does not go too far
into the set it needs to be only about
three or four millimeters long and of
course if you if you don't have the
right screws with the lock washers you
always could just tighten the existing
screws down but they probably will work
their way loose again one thing that you
do not want to do is over tighten these
screws I don't know if you can get a
good view of this or not but that's all
the thread there is for the circuit
board and the screws to screw into and
right beyond this little bump is the
back glass of the plasma panel so you
don't want to put one in there it's too
terribly long you don't want to over
tighten them because if you strip this
out there's no repairing other than you
could shim it up somehow but as far as
you can't use something like a
helicoidal or something like that to
repair it so just that I give you this
real quick little video on the newer
2011 and 2012 panasonic plasma TVs that
have a buzz that changes with brightness
if you can find an appropriate supplier
you could always just order this number
and you'll get the original replacements
that way and you just want to replace
the ones in the scan boards this is an
SN board on this particular model but
some of them have SC boards
it's an SN when it has the buffers and
the SC board combined is one board so
it's primarily the SN board and then
over here on this side it's the SS board
so you just want to replace all those
screws and that will get rid of that
buzz and this is primarily applicable on
the 2011 and 2012 models this one
particularly was made in 2011 September